
	The program serves educational and entertainment purposes. It aims to show the user the structure of an acquatic ecosystem, including different plant and animal life. Upon opening the project, the user sees several different animals interacting and demonstrating their typical behavior. These different animal life forms include a fish,duck, whale, lobster, bird, and squid.There also exist bark and grass on the bottom of the sand bank. This shows the user a realistic simulation of an ecosystem and demonstration of the food chain. 
	The program works internally by separating each animal and background feature into its own function. The program first sets up the layout, which includes the grass, sunset, and waves. The main layout includes the sand and water--each remain relatively constant. Talk about grass. The sunset works by entering into different if-statements depending on the sun's y position. The lower the sun's y position, the darker the sky will turn. Talk about waves. Next, the program creates the many different forms of life displayed to the user. The duck swims accross the screen on top of the water. The duck's beak also moves to mimick quacking. The beak movement is created with an if-statement; as the second y coordinates of the both lines approaches the middle y value between the two y second coordinates, then both y coordinates go back to their starting y positions. Furthermore, the program also contains a bird that swoops down and eats a dead fish.The bird starts with rotational motion, then moves linearly (with just an increase in an x position), and then moves downward (a decrease in y position) to pick up the dead fish due to the bird's hunger. The first fish that is showed is white, but the subsequent fishes are yellow. This coloring is due to the timing of the fish's deaths. The white fish has been dead for quite a long time, while the other fishes just recently died. However, to account for these deaths, more fish are born. These fish are a light yellow and small, baby fish. One new baby fish is born at position x=200 every cycle and trail her parents. This better provides a representation of life, as the project mimicks the typical mortality rate of fish at 1.44-.982*ln(tmax) and birth rate of 1.35-.223*ln(tmpmax). Friends of the goldfish, the minnows swim very fast accross the screen. Talk about minnows moving around the shark using the rand feature. Additionally, a lobster sits on the ground and moves in a 'u' shape throughout the sand. It is a sneaky lobster and avoids running into other creatures, besides the squid, which it sometimes swims through. Moving on to the squid, the squid moves in two directions-up and down. These two directions are represented by 1 and -1. When the squid changes from up to down, it "inks" (spirts out ink). This ink increases in radius as it increases in x and y position and eventually moves off the screen. Now, the whale serves an important part of the ecosystem. It swims. Talk about whales.

	The program successfully
